---
title: What is a Digital Garden?
categories:
- General

---

I have been inspired to create this Digital Garden, to learn in public. 

I have been inspired to do this by [Maggie Appleton](https://maggieappleton.com/garden-history) who herself was inspired by some other really clever people! 

A Digital Garden is a way of doing this. It is different from a traditional blogs in 2 ways. 

1) A digital blog tends to focus on a single topic at once (though it may contain hyper links through to other topics), and they have a pubished date. 

If I want to share my learning with you, I would learn something, then write about it, then publish it, and you would read it. A digital Garden is not published in one go, but grows and evolves, just like a real Garden!

A digital Garden is different in that it is not a linear stream of content. Instead, it is known as Topographic! This means all the different posts and articles create a landscape that can be freely explored. 

It means you can choose your own journey or path through the Garden, depending on what you want to explore! 


<h2> What will I be learning? </h2>

I will be learning Applied Positive Psychology & Coaching Psychology. 

I want to share this learning with you, becuase I want you to flourish in life, just like my Garden. 

You might have to be patient, as we are still in the "preparing the land" phase of development! But you'll also have to be patient with the content, as it will also be growing organically! 

<h3>What to expect?</h3>

I expect the first seeds will be sown shortly after my degree starts at the end of September, so please come back then!

Once the garden begins to be planted, you can expect to find 3 stages of content, in various format's!

<h3>Seedlings</h3>
These are newly planted, are in the early stages, and probably won't really look anything like what they will eventually grow into! These will be my early ideas and understandings as the topics are introduced. 

I'll be sharing these as you might be interested to find out more about what I'm planting though, so you can come back and watch it grow.

<h3>Budding Ideas</h3>

These will be notes taking shape and starting to blossom. Idea's will be rapidly forming, and 

In the meantime, if you want to sign up to recieve emails with updates, please click here. 